Docs: frameworks compatibility standardization (#5488)
RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm: docs/compatibility/ml-compatibility/verl-compatibility.rst

  which includes ROCm, verl, and all required dependencies.

  - See the :doc:`ROCm verl installation guide <rocm-install-on-linux:install/3rd-party/verl-install>` 
    for installation and setup instructions.

  - You can also consult the upstream `verl documentation <https://verl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__ 
    for additional context.

Version support
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

verl is supported on `ROCm 6.2.0 <https://repo.radeon.com/rocm/apt/6.2/>`__.

Supported devices
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Officially Supported**: AMD Instinct™ MI300X

.. _verl-recommendations:

Use cases and recommendations
================================================================================

* The benefits of verl in large-scale reinforcement learning from human feedback 
  (RLHF) are discussed in the `Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback on AMD 
  GPUs with verl and ROCm Integration <https://rocm.blogs.amd.com/artificial-intelligence/verl-large-scale/README.html>`__ 
  blog. The blog post outlines how the Volcano Engine Reinforcement Learning 

>   (verl) framework integrates with AMD's ROCm platform to optimize training on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (verl) framework integrates with the AMD ROCm platform to optimize training on 

```

Reviewer: Avoid making AMD or ROCm possessive.
